Test:                                              Total LOC:                  Codegen (ms):    Compilation (ms):
aggregate                                          all                                143808         3.798753176s     1m 42.322712884s
aggregate                                          responseBased                       39017         1.431380450s        42.573178498s
aggregate                                          operationBased                      79166         1.617316278s        33.992192679s
aggregate                                          compat                              25625         750.056448ms        25.757341707s

kotlin-responseBased-fragment_with_inline_fragment                 2226                  108         2.015875015s
java-operationBased-nested_named_fragments                         1721                   19         130.881352ms
java-operationBased-fragment_with_inline_fragment                  1681                   24         201.730948ms
java-operationBased-union_inline_fragments                         1513                    8         110.803597ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_intersection                   1493                   16         148.417945ms
java-operationBased-unique_type_name                               1485                    8         115.916196ms
kotlin-responseBased-nested_named_fragments                        1435                   50         743.609524ms
java-operationBased-root_query_fragment_with_nested_fragments                 1418                   12         127.679040ms
kotlin-compat-fragment_with_inline_fragment                        1361                   47         1.405429999s
java-operationBased-mutation_create_review                         1336                   13         180.539220ms
java-operationBased-__schema                                       1300                   91         1.359066322s
java-operationBased-named_fragment_delegate                        1299                   12         175.255988ms
kotlin-responseBased-unique_type_name                              1223                   36         628.213682ms
java-operationBased-named_fragment_with_variables                  1203                   12         149.871411ms
kotlin-compat-nested_named_fragments                               1203                   29         842.460865ms
java-operationBased-nested_conditional_inline                      1169                    8         120.114736ms
kotlin-responseBased-named_fragment_delegate                       1166                   40         669.144107ms
java-operationBased-nested_field_with_multiple_fieldsets                 1146                    6          96.045853ms
java-operationBased-input_object_type                              1145                   13         154.709642ms
java-operationBased-mutation_create_review_semantic_naming                 1133                   12         126.654991ms
java-operationBased-fragment_used_twice                            1131                   29         241.405660ms
java-operationBased-multiple_fragments                             1115                   11         125.811159ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_intersection                  1105                   41         991.529922ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_merge_fields                   1093                   10         117.658040ms
java-operationBased-two_heroes_with_friends                        1092                    7         126.473238ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragment_with_inline_fragment                 1089                   52         1.259024983s
kotlin-operationBased-nested_named_fragments                       1079                   26         624.035270ms
kotlin-responseBased-root_query_fragment_with_nested_fragments                 1074                   34         817.610536ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_intersection                         1072                   33         1.109427635s
kotlin-responseBased-__schema                                      1065                   73         2.295853944s
kotlin-compat-unique_type_name                                     1032                   20         663.479300ms
java-operationBased-named_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                 1020                   13         134.500469ms
kotlin-operationBased-union_inline_fragments                       1012                   25         612.059891ms
kotlin-responseBased-union_inline_fragments                        1009                   25         568.165684ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_intersection                 1008                   35         868.147039ms
java-operationBased-fragments_with_type_condition                   993                   15         115.850328ms
kotlin-operationBased-unique_type_name                              976                   20         549.525556ms
java-operationBased-root_query_inline_fragment                      972                    6          92.089780ms
kotlin-compat-union_inline_fragments                                966                   16         591.266189ms
kotlin-compat-root_query_fragment_with_nested_fragments                  965                   16         636.641024ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragment_used_twice                            952                   49         1.245194464s
kotlin-responseBased-mutation_create_review                         937                   33         750.026065ms
kotlin-responseBased-nested_conditional_inline                      930                   31         755.492546ms
java-operationBased-simple_fragment_with_inline_fragments                  918                    8         105.877980ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragments_with_friends                   913                   11         128.235303ms
java-operationBased-fragment_spread_with_nested_fields                  903                   15         151.884734ms
kotlin-responseBased-simple_fragment_with_inline_fragments                  896                   29         673.198028ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragments_with_type_condition                  894                   37         789.797253ms
kotlin-responseBased-named_fragment_with_variables                  879                   28         637.487971ms
kotlin-operationBased-root_query_fragment_with_nested_fragments                  876                   20         518.476759ms
kotlin-responseBased-multiple_fragments                             875                   26         649.669200ms
java-operationBased-fragment_spread_with_include_directive                  873                   15         164.564855ms
java-operationBased-simple_fragment                                 854                    9          87.366988ms
kotlin-compat-nested_conditional_inline                             850                   24         995.136048ms
kotlin-compat-named_fragment_delegate                               840                   18         554.708517ms
kotlin-compat-fragment_used_twice                                   835                   39         1.387247630s
kotlin-compat-named_fragment_with_variables                         833                   22         618.243237ms
java-operationBased-fragments_same_type_condition                   803                   16         133.554971ms
kotlin-operationBased-named_fragment_delegate                       803                   22         584.796866ms
java-operationBased-hero_details                                    800                   14         107.909065ms
java-operationBased-deprecated_merged_field                         793                   17         165.884325ms
kotlin-responseBased-input_object_type                              793                   25         763.871964ms
java-operationBased-fieldset_with_multiple_super                    788                   11         156.114418ms
java-operationBased-simple_inline_fragment                          787                    7         111.343788ms
java-operationBased-not_all_combinations_are_needed                  785                    8          81.508661ms
kotlin-operationBased-nested_conditional_inline                     784                   21         636.359238ms
kotlin-responseBased-mutation_create_review_semantic_naming                  779                   19         615.186996ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_with_include_directive                  777                    6          90.723877ms
java-operationBased-test_inline                                     755                    6         104.845118ms
kotlin-compat-multiple_fragments                                    748                   27         655.654350ms
kotlin-operationBased-named_fragment_with_variables                  746                   30         642.869453ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  743                   12         137.966555ms
java-operationBased-union_fragment                                  743                    8          93.274298ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragment_spread_with_nested_fields                  723                   37         1.002580126s
kotlin-responseBased-nested_field_with_multiple_fieldsets                  716                   13         521.659001ms
kotlin-compat-fragments_with_type_condition                         709                   19         751.744707ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragment_used_twice                           701                   47         855.153238ms
kotlin-operationBased-nested_field_with_multiple_fieldsets                  677                   24         544.129638ms
kotlin-responseBased-simple_fragment                                674                   18         525.997884ms
java-operationBased-named_fragment_without_implementation                  672                    5         102.935324ms
java-operationBased-hero_details_semantic_naming                    671                   15         138.867611ms
java-operationBased-fragment_with_multiple_fieldsets                  667                   10         120.942892ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_merge_fields                  667                   40         544.979370ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragments_with_friends                  664                   18         560.378766ms
kotlin-operationBased-root_query_inline_fragment                    661                   15         487.815496ms
kotlin-responseBased-two_heroes_with_friends                        661                   19         535.046024ms
kotlin-operationBased-multiple_fragments                            659                   24         652.440850ms
kotlin-operationBased-named_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  656                   19         498.417866ms
kotlin-compat-named_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  651                   15         471.723484ms
java-operationBased-path_vs_flat_accessors                          650                    6         101.731174ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragments_with_friends                         644                   17         557.932229ms
kotlin-compat-simple_fragment_with_inline_fragments                  639                   13         448.099783ms
kotlin-responseBased-root_query_inline_fragment                     633                   19         497.647501ms
java-operationBased-reserved_kotlin_keywords                        628                    5          84.675106ms
kotlin-responseBased-named_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  627                   14         453.287947ms
java-operationBased-typename_always_first                           625                    4          67.560974ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragments_with_type_condition                  621                   20         688.847495ms
kotlin-compat-nested_field_with_multiple_fieldsets                  616                   12         557.319917ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragments_with_friends                  611                   19         547.892655ms
kotlin-compat-simple_fragment                                       610                   10         411.691854ms
java-operationBased-interface_on_interface                          604                    5         137.295899ms
kotlin-responseBased-deprecated_merged_field                        602                   25         908.887984ms
kotlin-compat-root_query_inline_fragment                            601                   12         426.486995ms
java-operationBased-introspection_query                             598                    5          84.604650ms
kotlin-compat-fragment_spread_with_nested_fields                    594                   50         861.722940ms
kotlin-compat-fragment_spread_with_include_directive                  583                   28         851.585919ms
java-operationBased-root_query_fragment                             577                    7          88.211619ms
kotlin-operationBased-simple_fragment_with_inline_fragments                  565                   11         445.309273ms
java-operationBased-input_object_variable_and_argument                  561                    8          93.108368ms
java-operationBased-interface_always_nested                         558                    5          98.029657ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragment_spread_with_nested_fields                  554                   28         831.062272ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragments_same_type_condition                  553                   21         689.496100ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_with_include_directive                  540                   16         452.158456ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragment_spread_with_include_directive                  539                   20         777.575457ms
java-operationBased-deprecation                                     535                    9         124.656366ms
java-operationBased-recursive_selection                             530                    5          82.169337ms
kotlin-compat-union_fragment                                        529                   11         430.880103ms
kotlin-compat-deprecated_merged_field                               528                   25         880.094728ms
kotlin-responseBased-test_inline                                    527                   14         562.077427ms
kotlin-compat-not_all_combinations_are_needed                       526                   11         415.162466ms
kotlin-compat-fragments_same_type_condition                         524                   20         606.572006ms
kotlin-operationBased-simple_fragment                               522                    9         399.540218ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  521                   17         641.435922ms
java-operationBased-hero_with_review                                520                   10         130.346600ms
kotlin-responseBased-hero_details                                   516                   21         568.485362ms
kotlin-responseBased-fragment_with_multiple_fieldsets                  512                   24         717.624493ms
kotlin-compat-fieldset_with_multiple_super                          511                   19         883.244815ms
kotlin-responseBased-union_fragment                                 508                   14         431.457316ms
java-operationBased-field_with_include_directive                    499                   12         182.114609ms
java-operationBased-hero_name                                       499                    7          96.207745ms
java-operationBased-hero_name_query_long_name                       494                   10         119.469223ms
java-operationBased-variable_default_value                          494                    6         122.011319ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  489                   15         633.502459ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_with_include_directive                  489                   13         524.895256ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_merge_fields                   488                   23         488.127934ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_merge_fields                          486                   16         511.777051ms
kotlin-operationBased-fieldset_with_multiple_super                  483                   26         1.029458296s
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_inside_inline_fragment                  482                   20         565.475377ms
kotlin-compat-named_fragment_without_implementation                  481                    9         430.166940ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragments_same_type_condition                  480                   19         589.456590ms
java-operationBased-custom_scalar_type                              479                   10         146.559512ms
kotlin-operationBased-simple_inline_fragment                        478                   16         487.717797ms
kotlin-operationBased-union_fragment                                478                   12         423.731270ms
kotlin-operationBased-not_all_combinations_are_needed                  475                   11         426.452886ms
kotlin-operationBased-deprecated_merged_field                       472                   24         876.505319ms
kotlin-responseBased-fieldset_with_multiple_super                   470                   16         1.084669610s
kotlin-responseBased-named_fragment_without_implementation                  470                   13         435.214432ms
java-operationBased-optional                                        470                    4         111.482350ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_for_non_optional_field                  468                    7          95.487274ms
kotlin-responseBased-simple_inline_fragment                         468                   12         492.677536ms
kotlin-compat-test_inline                                           468                    7         458.989512ms
java-operationBased-inline_fragment_type_coercion                   460                    8          87.348279ms
java-operationBased-java8annotation                                 455                    6          85.439167ms
java-operationBased-two_heroes_unique                               453                    4          79.168777ms
kotlin-compat-fragment_with_multiple_fieldsets                      448                   25         630.028131ms
kotlin-responseBased-not_all_combinations_are_needed                  447                   10         401.125715ms
kotlin-operationBased-test_inline                                   445                   18         428.507179ms
kotlin-responseBased-reserved_kotlin_keywords                       444                   11         390.441387ms
kotlin-compat-simple_inline_fragment                                444                    7         561.451937ms
kotlin-operationBased-named_fragment_without_implementation                  437                   16         483.527336ms
kotlin-responseBased-input_object_variable_and_argument                  425                   14         492.515347ms
kotlin-responseBased-path_vs_flat_accessors                         422                    9         477.307176ms
kotlin-compat-reserved_kotlin_keywords                              421                    9         446.069393ms
kotlin-operationBased-reserved_kotlin_keywords                      414                   10         480.569931ms
kotlin-responseBased-hero_details_semantic_naming                   409                   16         674.424788ms
kotlin-compat-path_vs_flat_accessors                                405                    7         495.391631ms
java-operationBased-starships                                       405                    5         119.836214ms
kotlin-responseBased-interface_on_interface                         400                   12         412.124425ms
kotlin-responseBased-typename_always_first                          400                    9         349.058804ms
kotlin-operationBased-fragment_with_multiple_fieldsets                  398                   21         645.251504ms
kotlin-responseBased-hero_with_review                               396                   17         628.002663ms
java-operationBased-subscriptions                                   396                    5          96.110582ms
kotlin-operationBased-path_vs_flat_accessors                        391                   11         490.012648ms
java-operationBased-antlr_tokens                                    390                   18         219.032060ms
kotlin-responseBased-deprecation                                    388                   16         637.047712ms
kotlin-responseBased-root_query_fragment                            388                   11         397.881064ms
kotlin-operationBased-typename_always_first                         387                    9         360.810894ms
kotlin-compat-typename_always_first                                 387                    6         357.511503ms
kotlin-responseBased-hero_name_query_long_name                      386                   17         491.184758ms
kotlin-compat-root_query_fragment                                   386                    9         418.636400ms
kotlin-compat-interface_on_interface                                378                    9         396.829522ms
kotlin-responseBased-hero_name                                      376                   20         498.283487ms
kotlin-operationBased-interface_on_interface                        371                   10         477.244707ms
java-operationBased-arguments_hardcoded                             368                    9         202.213942ms
kotlin-responseBased-interface_always_nested                        368                    8         410.700557ms
kotlin-responseBased-variable_default_value                         355                    9         372.545827ms
kotlin-compat-interface_always_nested                               353                   12         469.302073ms
java-operationBased-merged_include                                  349                    4          69.371700ms
java-operationBased-operation_id_generator                          348                    3          99.006915ms
kotlin-compat-hero_name                                             344                   10         546.869083ms
kotlin-operationBased-root_query_fragment                           342                    9         353.951451ms
kotlin-responseBased-custom_scalar_type                             339                   16         738.314175ms
kotlin-operationBased-interface_always_nested                       339                   18         528.850853ms
kotlin-responseBased-optional                                       336                   10         416.934008ms
java-operationBased-case_sensitive_enum                             334                    8         120.371960ms
java-operationBased-enum_field                                      334                    6         105.512224ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_for_non_optional_field                  332                    8         480.927962ms
kotlin-responseBased-introspection_query                            332                   10         446.802394ms
java-operationBased-nonnull                                         330                    3         117.357051ms
kotlin-responseBased-field_with_include_directive                   318                   12         628.034100ms
kotlin-operationBased-hero_name                                     316                   13         512.226171ms
kotlin-responseBased-inline_fragment_type_coercion                  314                   13         422.480787ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_for_non_optional_field                  303                   12         466.123699ms
kotlin-responseBased-recursive_selection                            302                   11         513.922615ms
kotlin-compat-inline_fragment_type_coercion                         290                    8         460.643714ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_for_non_optional_field                  286                   12         517.353500ms
kotlin-operationBased-inline_fragment_type_coercion                  276                   11         451.929352ms
kotlin-responseBased-two_heroes_unique                              273                    7         405.951397ms
kotlin-responseBased-java8annotation                                266                    9         317.872801ms
kotlin-responseBased-starships                                      263                    7         587.299905ms
kotlin-responseBased-antlr_tokens                                   256                   17         747.011145ms
kotlin-responseBased-subscriptions                                  252                    7         372.819312ms
kotlin-responseBased-arguments_hardcoded                            245                   17         688.569906ms
kotlin-responseBased-case_sensitive_enum                            225                   18         743.865372ms
kotlin-responseBased-enum_field                                     224                   12         488.111560ms
kotlin-responseBased-operation_id_generator                         207                    6         423.151158ms
kotlin-responseBased-merged_include                                 206                    7         309.658133ms
kotlin-responseBased-nonnull                                        191                    6         291.989722ms
kotlin-responseBased-empty                                            0                    0         266.100615ms
java-operationBased-empty                                             0                    0             11.066us